# Generate Anything

Tools to help you build connected generators.

Pretty simple to use. Just create generators, run, handle the values.

## Generators

The code in GeneratorSchema.ts is the way that you specify the schema and design of a generator and what values it will generate. Everything generator related will have a type parameter for the types of scalar or "main" types of values you want to create. Usually you want strings to be generated for things like tables, but handling it generically like this allow you to generate any type of value.

Both generator schemas have a `kind` field for use in the `GeneratorSchema` [discriminated union](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/2/narrowing.html#discriminated-unions) which allows you to identify if a `GeneratorSchema` value is an entity or a table. They also both have a name field to name the generator.

The table generator schema allows you give it a list of either the "main" value type or other defined generator schemas. That way you can randomly generate a value from a "table" that is either the type parameter type or another generator which can let you chain generators.

The entity generator lets you create a sort of abstract "entity" with randomized attributes. It's implemented as a sort of "record" or "object" generator which collects a bunch of generators in key-value/generator pairs that we refer to as attributes. It doesn't actually generate any random values itself, but it passes on the generation to each of its attributes to generate random values. This allows complex relationships between other entities.

## Values

It's a little confusing because "generators" are also sort of values since the result of generators can also be other generators. That can make referring to things as values or generators a little confusing.

The different value types in Value.ts indicate the types of values that the current generators create. The `Value` discriminated union helps determine the type of values generated by a generator.

`Scalar` is just a single value of the type parameter that you set on the generator. `Table` and `Entity` are lazily unevaluate/ungenerated table and entity values. Because generators can generate an infinite we can't generate all values at once, but we can generate them when we need them by using the `get` or `getAll` methods on those ungenerated values.
